[Kat] Well. at the very least. we can
thank God it was a parked car you hit.
[Coop] What about the DUI?
Is there any way to get that thrown out?
[Kat] I don’t know who the judge is yet.
but most of them won’t throw out a DUI.
Our best bet. since it’s a first offense.
is to plead it down to a misdemeanor.
Suspended license. alcohol education
classes. community service.
And is there any way
we can get it cleared from her record?
I will try to get the record sealed.
[inhales deeply]
Honestly. it would be easier
if she was headed to college in the fall.
Is her declining Princeton
already official?
- Afraid so.
- Shit.
[scoffs] Jesus Christ.
I'm sorry. what?
- [grunts] Nothing.
- Good.
Look. Tori's a good kid
who's never been in any trouble.
I will try to push that as far as I can.
That's it? There's nothing else we can do?
Her pretrial conference
is Wednesday at 3:00 p.m.
Uh. usually.
we can work it all out right there.
This is gonna be okay. you guys.
I promise.
But it's not going to disappear
with a wink and a handshake.
and I think we all need to accept that.
This is crazy.
I was just moving my car
so someone could get out.
- You think that's the crazy part here?
- Mel.
No. she is not taking any responsibility
for her actions here.
What about your actions?
We're not talking about me.
Were you sober when you decided
to throw shit at your neighbors?
- Hey.
- She's such a hypocrite.
No. she isn't.
She's your mother.
and she's worried about you. okay?
Whatever issues
you happen to have with us.
you waived your right to complain
about them when you did what you did.
And I'm sorry
if you don't think it's fair.
but right now. honestly.
I don't give a shit about fair.
What I give a shit about
is looking after you.
since you clearly can't be bothered
to do it yourself.
Now. go wait outside.
I'll be out in a few minutes
to take you to school.
[sighs]
I don't want you at my hearing.
[door opens. slams]
- [Mel] Sorry about her.
- No. don't. Don't apologize.
I-I'm gonna get you through this.
I promise.
But I do think maybe
you should let Coop handle the hearing.
I'm her mother.
Mel. it's a small court.
and we can assume
word of your arrest has gotten around.
I just don't want to muddy the waters.
Speaking of which.
I am pushing to keep your issues
out of the court entirely.
- [sighs] Okay.
- You can do that?
If you offer your neighbor a sincere
apology and take care of the cleanup.
there's a chance this will just go away.
Wink and a handshake.
[scoffs] You want me to apologize
to those assholes? Absolutely not.
Are you fucking kidding me right now?
She's handing you a massive win.
- It's the principle of the thing.
- Now you care about principles?
Apologize and be done with it.
Kat. they let their dog run wild.
Surely there are laws against that.
It... It's irresponsible and dangerous.
He could get hit by a truck.
If you don't do it.
this could become a felony.
- What?
I thought the charge
would be criminal mischief.
It bumps up to a class D felony
if the damages exceed $1.500.
Which is less than one landscaping bill
for these people.
Plus. they have you on camera delivering
a bag of excrement to their door.
I'm sorry. w-what's this now?
It was dog shit.
So. they have the bones of an intentional
infliction of emotional distress case
if they want to tie you up
in civil court as well.
Oh. my God. You cannot be serious.
Emotional distress?
What about my distress?
Kat. can you just...
Can you give us a minute?
Yeah. I'll go check on Tori.
This is insane.
Okay. what the fuck
is going on with you right now?
- Nothing.
- You brought them a bag of shit?
- It was their dog. I was making a point.
- Come on.
Normal people don't behave that way.
- That's not normal behavior. Mel.
- I asked these people
50 million times to curb their dog.
"Keep your dog in your own yard."
They ignored me time and again.
They-They-They never took me seriously.
They... [stammers]
They made me feel like I was nothing.
How do you feel now?
[downcast music playing]
Exactly. You have to apologize to them.
[inhales deeply]
I have to take our daughter to school.
For the record...
I'm officially worried about you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
The Coopers are really becoming
a cottage industry for me.
- [groans]
- [chuckles]
Well. what can I say?
Mel was impressed
with how you handled my case.
Yeah. Well. these two
fall under a different category.
And what's that?
Mel's a close friend.
so I won't be sending her a bill.
That's very nice of you.
I'll be sending it to you.
- and my rates just went up.
- [inhales deeply]
Fair enough.
[nostalgic music playing]
[Coop] I could still remember every detail
about the day Tori was born.
How impossibly light she felt in my arms.
How she sounded when she cried.
How she smelled.
How she waved her tiny fingers
like she was conducting an orchestra
only she could hear.
I made a lot of promises that day
to her and to myself.
And over the years. I'd kept most
and undoubtedly broken a few.
but nothing prepared me for the shock
of seeing my little girl behind bars.
And the problem was I couldn't credibly
talk to my daughter about her bad choices
when I seemed to be making more
and more of them with each passing day.
If I was gonna be
any kind of parent to her.
I was gonna have
to start righting my own ship.
[casual music playing]
[doorbell buzzes]
- Hi.
- [Coop] Hi.
Thanks for seeing me.
In-person visit.
I have to admit. I'm intrigued.
And by intrigued. I mean concerned.
- I haven't been here since...
- Yeah.
- [smacks lips] Drink?
- No. thank you. I won't be staying.
That's what you said last time.
[chuckles]
- Sorry. I wasn't trying to...
- It's all right.
Although. they. uh. can't fire you now.
[inhales deeply] I don't know
what I'm saying. I'm sorry.
I don't know why I'm so anxious
all of a sudden. Do you want a drink?
I already asked you that.
- Are you okay?
- Sure.
I mean. you could have just called. but
you didn't. So. clearly something is up.
And while I can't seem to stop talking.
whatever it is you're here for
is drilling a hole in my brain.
Is Tommy Burns still working
at Bailey in compliance?
Yes. Tommy's still at Bailey.
Why are you asking me about compliance?
I want you to have him
look at my Excelsior investment.
He didn't have to.
The investment didn't reach
- the KYC threshold.
- I know.
So. there was no reason
for compliance to do a review.
- Right.
- But now.
after the money has been transferred
and we've both signed
about ten pounds of documents.
you're asking me to essentially
launch an investigation...
- That's right.
- ...into your own business.
Are you sure you won't have that drink?
I'm having a drink.
- The money is gonna come back bad.
- I think you should stop talking.
It can be traced through a series
of international dummy corporations
- to a man named Owen Ashe.
- Wow. you're still talking.
Why couldn't you have just tried to
get me into bed like a normal person?
- Liv.
- I haven't had time for a date in months.
Your chances
would have actually been excellent.
Owen Ashe is on the OFAC list.
Fuck. Coop!
Stop talking!
[chuckles shakily]
I-Is this about Jack?
Are you... you trying to take him down?
Because I have to tell you
that's a long way to go
- for petty revenge.
- This has nothing to do with Jack.
Or me? You're angry
that I didn't stand up for you
- when Jack fired you.
- It has nothing to do with any of that.
No? Then what the hell is this?
I'm just trying to do
the right thing here.
[chuckles] Oh. it seems to me
- that ship has sailed. Coop. hasn't it?
- Maybe.
And now you've dragged me into your mess.
- Listen. I-I-I had no idea...
- Again.
...that Jack was gonna
have you running point on this.
- Why not? Because I fucked you?
- Because you're 28 years old.
- for Christ's sake.
- I'm 29.
- What?
- Nothing.
- Listen to me--
- I'm begging you to stop talking.
- Who knows?
- [sighs] What?
The OFAC list. Who knows?
Well. you now.
Me and. you know.
the United States government.
- I'm not talking to Tommy in compliance.
- Liv.
You wanna blow up your life.
do it with someone else.
This flew under the radar.
like you knew it would.
- and that's where it will stay.
- Come on. Liv.
- Stop repeating my name.
- You can't do this.
I didn't do this!
You did! You did this.
And you don't get to send me packing
because you're having
some kind of crisis of conscience.
This isn't Madoff.
It's not Theranos or Enron.
- No one is getting hurt.
- We don't know that.
It is an arbitrary list
from a government riddled with ADHD
that has no fucks to give.
Wake up. Coop.
It's the Wild West out there.
No one is looking. and no one cares.
Listen to me. I used to be...
where you are now.
- Yeah. I doubt that strongly.
- There's a math that you do.
[stammers] Calculus of compromise. right?
What am I willing to do
to get where I wanna be. right?
Now. of course. once I get there.
I'll-I'll stop doing the thing.
I'll-I'll stop taking risks
because I'll be there. not here.
The thing is. you're never ever there.
There's no there.
You're always just here.
In the interest
of ending this conversation.
I'm going to pretend that made any sense.
You found a way back. Coop.
Against all odds.
and no one is getting hurt.
But if you blow this up.
you and me. we're the ones who get hurt.
I lose my job and my reputation.
I end up serving fish and chips
at my uncle's pub back in Cheltenham.
And you.
you're looking at ten years minimum
if this gets out.
And even if you beat that. and you won't.
Jack will destroy you and your family.
You'll be in litigation you can't afford
for the next ten years. [scoffs]
Why risk any of this?
I don't care about whatever
his fucking name is. Owen Ashe. [chuckles]
I care about you.
and I care about me.
He's a bad guy. Liv.
[ominous music playing]
So. you manage him.
And I'll manage you.
[theme song playing]
♪ A paper shadow
In a house of stone ♪
♪ The wooden flag
Of a drifting dreamboat ♪
♪ I never knew
How far the ride was gonna go ♪
♪ Till I looked back
At the smoke ♪
♪ You can't keep up
With the Joneses ♪
♪ Don't wanna run
For the roses ♪
♪ I got my pocket of posies ♪
♪ Sometimes I wonder why ♪
♪ I just don't run
With the Joneses ♪
♪ Don't wanna smell
The dying roses ♪
♪ I got my pocket
Full of posies ♪
♪ I don't keep up
With the Joneses ♪
They were about to put up the drywall
when they fired their designer.
They hate the layout.
So. you have carte blanche
to redesign everything.
But the pool right here.
it stays the same.
That's. uh.
where it gets the most direct sunlight.
This lot is amazing.
- Yeah.
- I know.
- [Suzanne] Mmm.
- They were gonna pour the pool next week.
They'd like to at least keep that
timeline. unless you have any concerns.
No. no. all good.
- That's definitely the spot.
- Great.
We're in business. [chuckles]
So. how was your weekend in the Hamptons?
Yeah. I bet Ashe's place out there
is something else.
Uh. it was. um... [stammers]
It was interesting.
- Uh-oh.
- What's going on?
I thought you guys had a good thing going.
[stammers] It. um... He's just. uh...
He's not an easy man to know.
And. you know. I just.
I don't think I'm ready for it.
Look. I'm not exactly famous
for knowing how to pick 'em.
- [chuckles]
- So... [chuckles]
You've been through a lot.
And there's no denying
that Paul was a major asshole.
- Suz. Well. uh...
- Oh. come on.
It's not like I'm revealing
state secrets here.
I'm just saying you can't let Paul
take you out of the game.
- Mmm.
- And you can't mess this up for yourself.
Ashe is like the opposite of Paul.
He's a nice guy.
- And he's hot.
- [Maggie chuckles]
And you know.
not to state the obvious here. but...
[dubious music playing]
He's rich?
[Maggie] That's-That's not what she meant.
- [Suzanne] Don't tell her what I meant.
- [chuckles] Then what did you mean?
[Suzanne] I'm just saying... [sighs]
...he seems like a catch.
[doorbell chimes]
[sighs]
I come in peace.
Our lawyer said
that your lawyer would tell you
to come over and apologize. [chuckles]
Okay. she did.
But I also wanted to come and apologize.
I am so sorry
for pushing over the porta-potty
and ruining your lawn.
It was late. and I was frustrated.
I've been going through
kind of a hard time.
Let's just say
you weren't catching me at my best.
But I wanna make amends.
And of course I'll pay
for any and all damages to your lawn
and any place else
that might have been affected by the...
waste.
Well. thank you.
We've made a list of the damages so far.
and we'll email you the invoices
as they come in.
Sounds reasonable.
And again.
I am just so very sorry for all of this.
I understand. I think
we'd all like to move past it. okay?
Did you tell her?
Oh. hi. Brie. I didn't see you there.
Clay.
- [Clay sighs]
- Tell me what?
As your neighbors.
we would feel a lot better
if you completed a course
in anger management.
Anger management?
[both grunting]
Our lawyer feels
any judge would recommend that.
And if. in fact.
we are gonna bypass the courts.
we don't want to shortchange
the mental health aspect of this.
- Yours or mine?
- What?
What? Nothing.
I get it. and I will look into that.
We appreciate that.
And my lawyer can send over
a list of therapists if you need.
That won't be necessary.
I know plenty of people in the field.
I'm a licensed psychotherapist.
[sneezes]
- [both] Bless you.
- Thank you.
I'll get some more coffee.
Do you think she'd notice
if we just snuck out?
So. how'd it go this morning
with Mel and Tori?
It's a mess. [sighs]
I'll sort it out.
Uh. is Mel gonna be okay?
I don't know.
There isn't a legal precedent
for dumping out a porta-potty
on your neighbor's Kentucky bluegrass.
Well. they deserved it.
- Ali.
- They did.
Responsible adults don't dump actual shit
onto their neighbors' lawns.
You're blaming me.
- [Coop sighs]
- [glasses clanking]
You all right in there. Mom?
- [Marley] I'm fine.
- [clanking stops]
You know. I've been saving up some money.
I mean. you don't charge me rent.
and then there's the-the money
that Dad left me.
Yeah. that wasn't very much.
Well. by your standards. maybe.
- [sighs]
- Anyway. I was thinking about
- getting my own place.
- Can we not talk about this now?
- To be a responsible adult.
- Can we not?
What's wrong with now?
I don't know. Our father just died.
You shouldn't be making
major life decisions.
I wasn't asking for your permission. Andy.
[door opens. closes]
Is she leaving already?
I doubt it.
I'm her ride.
[toys whirring]
[children laughing]
Esperanza.
Is that Owen's car out front?
- [Ashe] Hey! Go. go. go! Go. go!
- [children squealing]
[Michael] Crashing cars!
- Whoa. whoa. whoa!
- [exclaiming]
- [Ashe] The sheer. raw speed of that...
- Buddy. slow down.
[Ashe] And the green car
has taken the lead.
He's going around the corner.
Green car takes the lead.
go un... right under the tunnel.
- [children laughing]
- Hey! I'm a tunnel. [chuckles]
- What is... Hey! What is going on in here?
- [squeals]
Race car extravaganza.
Sorry. I didn't get you one.
- [Michael squeals]
- Nice. buddy.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
You're gonna have to pit soon.
You met my kids?
Yeah. these cars aren't gonna
drive themselves. are they. guys?
Hey. Mike. what'd you say when I asked you
if you could drive one of these?
Doy.
[laughing]
Doy. His delivery kills me.
Yeah. I got them the same model.
so don't worry about them comparing specs.
Although. I can tell
the little one's got an eye for detail.
And you might be upset.
No. I just need a second.
- Where is Esperanza?
- Okay. uh...
Something I should tell you
before you go in there.
Esperanza. what is going on here?
Miss Samantha. I tried to call.
You did not pick up.
[Ashe] Too much?
Yeah. okay. too much.
- Definitely. too much.
- I need them to go.
Okay. understood.
And I need you to go with them.
Sam...
You just can't show up like this
and take over my house.
Okay. you know. I just... [sighs]
After the Hamptons. you know. I thought...
You would double down?
Yeah. I was making a grand gesture.
I don't need gestures. I need space.
Which is the one thing
you seem incapable of giving me.
All right. let's just calm down.
This is me calm.
Tell me to calm down again
and see what happens.
You know. not for nothing. Sam. but
a lot of women would find this flattering.
Okay. well. you should go find one of them
before all that fish goes bad.
I'm sorry I overstepped.
Guys. pack it up.
[upbeat music playing]
[grunts. breathes heavily]
So Kat's representing Tori and Mel?
At this point.
you should probably put her on salary.
- [Coop chuckles]
- [grunts]
- You need a little help there. big boy?
- No! [strains]
I'm not gonna be an old dad. Coop.
- Too late. pal.
- [grunts] Fuck you.
[breathing heavily]
You tell Ashe you're not going to
take him up on the 5% deal?
Not exactly.
What did you do?
I told Liv where the money came from.
Seriously? Are you insane?
It'll come from compliance.
There's no way he'd know it was from me.
Even if that were true.
he'll still blame you. Look...
Um...
I did some digging. all right?
Over the last ten years.
Ashe has been investigated
for the disappearances of three people
he was in business with.
This is a guy who knows
how to make people disappear.
Well. it doesn't really matter because
apparently it's not gonna be an issue.
What are you talking about?
Bailey's not gonna investigate?
They can't afford to.
This comes out. they lose Cricket
and Excelsior collapses.
That might actually be better for you.
all things considered.
Just... just leave this alone. Coop.
You're the one who said we need
to get this guy out of our lives.
We do. We definitely do.
but we need to do this very carefully.
Okay.
- Okay. what?
- Okay. you're fired.
- What?
- You said it yourself.
He's a dangerous guy.
You shouldn't be anywhere near him.
And you should?
I don't have the options that you have.
You're talking about Grace's father.
Yeah. she gave me a real earful
up in the Hamptons.
Well. she shouldn't have done that.
She's got your best interests at heart.
and she's right.
No. no. she isn't. All right?
If I go to work for Kwan.
I might as well put my cock and balls
in a jar on his desk.
There's an image.
Besides. you can't fire me.
- Oh. yeah?
- Yeah. I don't have an NDA.
[laughs] I'll have HR get right on that.
[breathes heavily. grunts]
[sighs]
- [in Spanish] You don't say hello?
- [gasps]
Félix! What the fuck?
Do you have your own key?
I might as well.
Everything yours is mine right now.
You know.
the reason I don't like to do favors.
is that some people see
compassion as weakness.
And then they think
they can take advantage.
That's not what this is.
I hope not.
Because I'm done with your bullshit.
It's not bullshit! I have the money.
If you had the money.
I would have the money.
right?
So tell me.
how is a housekeeper gonna
come up with 50 grand?
Well. 65 really.
That interest is a bitch.
I did it last time. didn't I?
Yeah.
I'm still kinda wondering about that.
I'll have it soon. Félix.
[sighs] Okay?
I promise.
It's not that I don't believe you.
but I work better with deadlines.
You have till the end of the week.
That gonna be a problem?
Two weeks would be better.
That's a lot more interest.
Not if you cut me a break.
[chuckles]
You want to cut me a break?
You know I always had a thing for you.
Mmm.
- Sorry. Félix.
- Hmm.
I just want to be friends.
Good night.
One week.
[breathes shakily]
[in English] Hey. Does this side
look a little higher to you?
Did you forget to tell me
you had a talk with Coop?
- It may have slipped my mind.
- Jesus Christ. Grace.
- I was worried about you.
- Yeah?
Well. he just tried to fire me. so...
Okay.
Okay?
I just meant that
you have other clients. Barney.
You know. clients that. mmm.
haven't landed you in the hospital.
Well. that...
That's not the point.
Really?
- What is the point. then?
- You're trying to push me into a corner.
so that my only choice
is to work for your father.
And would that really be so bad?
You'd be making a lot more
than you make now.
- I'm doing fine.
- Really?
Are you doing fine. Barney?
Because I see the bank statements.
Oh. and the balance sheets.
You and me. Grace. right? Hmm?
Isn't that what we say? You and me?
Mm-hmm.
But it's not just you and me anymore.
is it?
It's you and me. and two kids.
and one more on the way.
and this house. and this town.
- I don't need any of this.
- Well. you have it.
[sighs]
This is our home.
This is our life.
And you chose it just like I did.
You don't understand.
Really?
Okay.
Make me understand.
What am I missing here?
What would be so awful
about working for my father?
The awful thing
isn't working for your father.
The awful thing is how badly
you want me to.
That son of a bitch never believed in me.
but you used to. and now you don't.
Barney.
What...
[sighs]
Listen.
- That is not even a little true.
- [scoffs]
You hear me?
I have been so worried about you
'cause you seem lost lately.
Hmm?
[tender music playing]
I know it's been a rough year.
but I will figure this out. okay?
I need you to trust me.
Okay?
- Okay.
Okay. okay.
[exhales deeply]
[Coop] Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Stop sign. stop sign. stop sign.
- Uh. okay. yeah.
- [horn honks]
You're gonna wanna... You're gonna wanna
hit the brake
a little sooner there. bud. Um...
- Sorry.
- [Coop] No worries.
Okay. Tori.
I'm gonna meet you and Kat at 3:00.
Can you please take an Uber from school?
You're not picking me up?
Oh. I can find someone to cover my
last class if you want me to go with you.
It's fine. okay?
Tori will be fine.
Let's not complicate it.
I can say it again in fewer words.
- [horn honks]
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. Line.
At this point.
I won't even make it to my hearing alive.
Can you please cut him some slack?
It's a big car.
All right? Please.
Red light. red light. red light...
[grunts] Getting a little queasy
back here. buddy.
Hunter. what the hell?
Are you trying to kill us?
Do one of you want to drive?
Oh. wait. your license is suspended
for drunk driving.
Yours is expired. And you're too busy
arguing with everyone to pay attention.
So how about we just calm down
and let me fucking drive in peace?
[sighs]
Okay. Green light.
[horn honks]
Hey.
Text me when you're on the way
to the courthouse. okay?
Coop! Hey!
- [Coop] Hey.
- [chuckles]
Hey. hey. Nice car.
[laughs] Thanks. Yeah. sorry. I haven't
gotten around to returning it yet.
It's been a challenging couple of days.
Yeah. man. I heard about that. I'm sorry.
It never rains.
but it fucking pours. right?
Boy howdy.
Hey. listen. um.
I just really want to apologize
for how strong I came on at the beach.
I think the business with the Feds really
threw me a little more than I let on.
I was not my best self. and. uh.
I didn't mean to come off that way.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Now. don't get me wrong.
I would love to see you back on top.
And that offer still stands.
But I want to be clear
that that's what it is. okay?
It's an offer. And you can accept or not.
Well. I appreciate that.
- [chuckles] And?
- And I'll consider it.
- Okay. Okay.
- Yeah. yeah.
I just gotta deal
with this Tori situation--
Yeah. of course.
- Let me know if I can do anything.
- Thank you.
It's gonna be great. Coop. I promise you.
Give me the word.
I'll have DeMille draw up the papers.
- You bet.
- All right!
[engine starts. revs]
[both chuckling]
- [Elena] Gordy's going to a fashion show?
- [Coop] You know Gordy?
Yeah. he's always checking me out
when he's at Nick's.
Oh. that tracks.
Fashion show's for charity.
and Gordy's a sponsor. so he has to go.
Wouldn't it make more sense
to just give all the money to charity
instead of throwing
all these expensive events?
You can't apply logic to philanthropy.
My bad.
Okay. I'm going in.
- Cameras?
- You're all good.
And just to be clear. this is a grown man
who collects baseball cards.
Valuable baseball cards.
If you say so.
Maybe while you're in there.
you can look for something better.
Okay. I don't have time to browse.
My daughter's hearing's at 3:00.
I need a good score here. Coop.
No more bullshit.
Thanks. The extra pressure
is really helpful. Elena.
[Coop] Gordy and I
had never been particularly close.
Like many men out here.
our friendship was born
mostly out of convenience
and compatible golf handicaps.
But he was doing a consulting job in Seoul
around the time my marriage fell apart.
And Lisa was off
doing whatever it was Lisa did.
so he let me crash at his place
while I looked for a rental.
which meant. unless he had changed it.
I still knew his alarm code.
- [keypad beeping]
- It was a shitty way to repay a kindness.
but Elena was desperate.
and once again. so was I.
Lisa was an influencer.
And as her following grew.
so did all the free shit she got.
The thing about free shit. though.
is that eventually
there's nowhere left to put it.
That's nice.
She's got a lot of followers.
If you say so.
[Coop] The 1967 Topps
Tom Seaver rookie card.
- PSA Gem Mint 10. pristine condition.
- [bat thwacks]
That year. Seaver was awarded
the National League Rookie of the Year.
and two years later.
he landed a Cy Young Award
and helped win the Mets
their first World Series.
[cheerful music playing]
The card was now worth well over $300.000
thanks to a sports card
market boom-bust cycle
fueled by male loneliness and nostalgia.
Nothing speaks to
the neglected child inside
like ownership of a vintage graded card
of the favorite player of your youth.
Hopefully. it'll retain its value
better than Beanie Babies did.
They're back. You gotta get out now.
What?
[vehicle approaching]
[Gordy] Come on. Hey!
Will you quit being
such a goddamn drama queen?
[Lisa] You are such an asshole!
[Gordy] I paid 100 grand
to sponsor your stupid fucking event.
And now we're not even going!
[Lisa] Oh. of course! Make it about money!
- [Gordy] It's a fucking charity event.
- [door bangs]
Of course it's about money.
We're gonna miss it.
Will you stop being so fucking sensitive?
- I am not being sensitive. you dick!
- [groans]
You just called me old.
Get back in the car.
I did not call you old.
What I said is. "You should
stop dressing like a 25-year-old."
Oh. because you know so much
about fashion!
You do dress like a 25-year-old!
And posting your tits all over Instagram...
- Okay. my tits.
- ...does not make you a fashion expert.
You can never just show up and support me.
[Gordy] Oh. my God.
What are you talking about?
I don't support you?
Who the hell do you think pays for
this whole charade that you call a career?
I generate income.
- [Gordy laughing]
- Shit.
- [Elena] What's happening?
- [Coop] They're having a fight.
Income?
Your so-called income
doesn't even pay for your fucking shoes.
[Elena] Can you get out?
And you can't call it a career
unless you make money doing it.
Not just yet.
[Lisa] Oh. my God.
You are such a pathetic little man
thinking your bank account
makes your dick any bigger.
And you are just one
of a million middle-aged white housewives
buying followers.
whoring yourself on Instagram.
desperately trying to become
Gwyneth fucking Paltrow
while your husband pays
for the whole fucking thing.
I think they're just getting warmed up.
[Lisa] Okay. you used to like it
when I had a career.
[Gordy] Yeah.
that's when we were still fucking.
[Lisa] Oh. that's what this is about.
You want to fuck?
- Please don't flatter yourself.
- Oh. no. It's fine.
I'm literally dripping wet at the thought.
You haven't been wet
since the Obama administration.
[Coop] There was a time
when I would have jumped.
When I could have trusted my back
to hold out and my knees to take the hit.
[sighs]
Of course back then
I wouldn't have had to jump.
[sighs]
Now I had to. and I couldn't.
And that. friends and neighbors.
was as good an illustration of middle age
as you're ever gonna get.
[Ali] All right. everybody.
it's a C chord.
[guitar chords strumming]
And then it's an A minor.
Then an F.
Good job. And then a G.
All right. Well. this is what
we've been working on for weeks.
So let's give it a little gusto.
Five. six. seven. eight...
[guitar music playing]
Keep going.
[sighs]
[music continues]
[music stops]
Is she coming back?
[music resumes]
[music ends]
- [Lisa] Shut the fuck up!
- [phone buzzes]
[Gordy] Oh. my God. You are such an idiot!
It is shocking to me!
- [Lisa] Do not come back!
- I can't believe I'm gonna be late.
- [Gordy] You know what you're gonna do?
- [sighs]
[Gordy] Let's take another three hours
to wait for you to do your fucking hair!
[Lisa] Did you just
fucking look at me like that?
[Ron] You used to love baseball.
I would take you to Shea
to see the Mets play.
God. you could not get enough of it.
And now. when was the last time
you took Hunter to a game?
It's gone now. Dad.
- What's that?
- Shea Stadium is gone.
It's... They built the new one.
A lot of things are gone. Andy.
A lot of things are still here.
Dad.
Tori's on her way to the hearing.
and where are you?
Stuck in a bathroom
stealing a baseball card.
I think that's a little bit reductive.
don't you?
This baseball card is worth $300.000.
And. uh. what's your daughter worth?
I'm doing this for her.
- For all of them.
- I call bullshit.
- Dad.
- When can you let it be enough. Andy?
- [Lisa] I am a content creator!
- [Gordy] Oh. my God!
Time to go.
[Gordy] Your content is the same as
every other influencer your age out there.
It's just you
posting half-naked videos of yourself
pimping out products
and calling them cute.
- so more people will send more products.
- Time to go.
[Gordy] And then you can call them cute.
You create nothing.
[Lisa] I am building a brand. shithead.
- [Gordy] For God's sake!
- [Elena] Coop. what is happening?
- [Gordy] You are such an idiot!
- Fuck this. I'm coming out.
- It is shocking to me!
- [Lisa] Shut the fuck up!
[Gordy] You fill our house
with all this shit!
We're like fucking hoarders!
Look at this fucking shit. What is this?
It's a dining room.
It's not a fucking closet!
What the fuck is this?
Do not fucking touch my things!
- Give it to me! Asshole!
- There's your fucking content!
Why don't you show everybody
the fucking pigsty that we live in?
- Fuck you!
Why don't you just do the world a favor
and die of cancer?
Oh. believe me. honey.
cancer has got nothing on you.
[door lock clicks]
- Fucking... Give me the fucking thing.
- Don't touch-- Shit--
- How the hell did you do that?
- [sighs] Don't ask.
- Did you get the card?
- [sighs]
Let's go. I'm late.
Sorry I'm late.
Okay. are we all here?
- [Kat] Yes. Your Honor.
- Okay. Let's hear it.
[sighs] Your Honor. I think
we all want the same thing here.
which is to acknowledge
the severity of the offense
while not letting it damage
Miss Cooper's very promising future.
Miss Cooper has acknowledged
the terrible error in judgment she made.
and she is prepared
to take responsibility for it.
That said.
she's never been in any kind of trouble.
she's a straight-A student.
a star on the Mayfield tennis team--
I know the speech. Ms. Resnick.
I've heard it way more times
than you've given it.
What's your pitch?
Plead down to Misdemeanor DWAI.
suspended license for three months.
25 hours community service.
That's pretty light.
Like I said. she's a great kid.
This was an aberration
on an otherwise spotless record.
[judge inhales deeply] Miss Cooper.
I take it you understand
the severity of your offense?
Yes. Your Honor.
I made a terrible mistake.
I have two daughters.
just a little older than you.
and they made their fair share
of mistakes as well.
[sighs]
Six months suspended license
and 50 hours community service.
And when that is completed.
I will expunge the record.
Thank you. Your Honor.
[judge] You just caught a big break.
Miss Cooper.
Don't make me regret it.
[gentle music playing]
- Okay. What's next?
- [sighs]
[Tori sniffles]
- [sniffs]
- Oh.
It's fine.
[Tori cries]
[sniffles]
[on radio] ♪ Marry him or marry me ♪
♪ I'm the one that loves you. baby
Can't you see? ♪
♪ I ain't got no future or a family tree ♪
♪ I know what a prince and lover
Ought to be ♪
- ♪ Ought to be ♪
- [music stops]
[phone rings]
- [phone beeps]
- Hey. Kat. You worked a miracle for Tori.
I cannot thank you enough.
- Yeah. well. don't thank me yet.
- Why? What happened?
Uh. no. no. Tori's fine.
I'm talking about you.
They're taking out a restraining order.
[scoffs] A restraining order?
I went over there. I said I'd pay.
Uh. their lawyer found that video
of you punching Sam.
That has nothing to do with this.
Well. they're threatening
to flag you to the DOE
to get your practitioner license revoked.
Oh. my God. What is it with these people?
I'm working on it. Listen to me.
Just don't look at that fucking house.
Don't go near it.
You see them. you walk the other way.
You hear me?
Do not aggravate the situation.
[breathes heavily] Okay.
- [phone beeps]
- [music resumes]
♪ Just go ahead now ♪
♪ And if you like to tell me maybe
Just go ahead now ♪
♪ And if you wanna buy me flowers
Fuck!
[engine revs]
[tires screeching]
- [thuds]
- [dog yelps]
[gasps]
[music ends]
[gasps. screams]
[crying] Oh. my God.
Arlo? Arlo?
Oh. my God.
[cries]
- [car door closes]
- [gasps]
[Samantha] Mel?
- Mel?
- What are you doing here?
- I'm sorry. I know I should have called.
but I heard
you'd gotten into some trouble.
[stammers] Is that a dog?
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
I didn't do it on purpose.
He came out of nowhere.
Oh. my God.
they're gonna think I murdered him.
Look. it was an accident. right?
You don't understand.
I am at war with these fucking neighbors
all because of their dog.
because of this dog.
It's why I was arrested.
They're never gonna believe
it was an accident.
I'm so fucked.
Okay. I have to go tell them.
[sniffles]
No.
What do you mean. "No"? He's dead.
[sighs] You're right.
They're going to blame you.
Do you have any shovels?
[grunts]
- [screams]
- Fuck!
Oh. my God. Cover it up.
- Cover it up.
- Oh. my God.
- Cover it.
- I'm trying!
[exclaims]
[Samantha] Oh. my God.
[Mel] Are you...
- Go turn off the water!
- Okay. Okay. [grunts]
[blows raspberry]
[Samantha exclaims]
- Do you know how to turn off the water?
- What?
- Do you know how to turn it off?
- No! [exclaims]
- Oh. my God. Let's get it.
- I got it. I got it.
[both grunting]
Fuck!
I can't believe I killed a dog.
You didn't.
Pretty sure I did.
Oh. my God. how am I gonna sleep?
Just gonna hear his little yelp.
But you told the Zalkins
not to let the dog loose. right?
- I mean. sure. but...
- Yeah. so it's on them.
I feel like I've lost my mind.
I don't have the energy
to finish a workout.
but if you piss me off.
I'll gouge out your eyes with a spoon
and shove them down your throat.
Are you taking anything?
I think it's pretty obvious that I'm not.
Why not?
Hormone treatments are the new skincare.
You just take your pick.
You need to spend some time
taking care of yourself.
You have not been okay for a while.
and maybe that's the reason
why you had an affair with Nick.
and maybe that's why
you punched me in the face.
I punched you 'cause you slapped me.
I slapped you because
you weren't right in the head.
I don't know what's wrong with me.
The whole thing with Nick. I was just
trying to find parts of me that were lost.
And then after the divorce.
I felt like even more of me was gone.
And now...
I don't know. it's like...
I'm no good for anybody anymore.
You are the most formidable person
I know. Mel.
I'm serious.
I can't tell you the number of times
I needed to call you over the last year
just to ask for your advice
or just to vent.
I felt lost without you.
I feel lost without me. [chuckles]
My God. I killed Arlo. God.
Like. can we talk about something else?
Tell me about Ashe.
Ugh.
Oh. my God. [sighs]
I just can't shake this feeling
that there's something
really dangerous about him.
And I'm not talking
like cool. sexy. dangerous.
I'm talking like maybe
killed someone dangerous.
Jesus. did something happen?
No. you know what. I don't even...
I don't even know what I'm talking about.
[sighs]
- Well. onto the next one.
- Yeah. well... [sighs]
I'm a widowed felon with two kids.
Don't bury yourself in that baggage.
otherwise that's all
other people will see.
I think as long as I live here.
it's all people will see.
That's in your head.
People... People have moved on.
Have they?
Pretty sure I was the last holdout.
You were a tough nut to crack.
Lucky for you.
I'm in the middle of a nervous breakdown.
Yeah. lucky me.
Come on. every morning I walk in.
for five months. say hi!
What the hell do you think that I do?
- [door closes]
- [Jessie] You sell little fucking cars!
Hey. there's food if you're hungry.
What's up?
I think something happened at school.
[sighs] Back in a minute.
I'm a thief.
I've been in prison. all right?
[Tori sighs]
[TV clicks off]
Well. it was almost a nice night.
Hey.
Yeah?
Is there any chance you might
go back to being my sister again?
I never stopped being your sister.
[tender music playing]
Well. will you come back home?
Yeah.
This is a surprisingly good movie.
[chuckles] Yeah.
I'm leaving. I found a place.
What do you mean you found a place?
I signed a lease. I'm moving in.
- Someone gave you a lease?
- Yes. Andy. someone did.
I'm moving out.
[stammers] Look. Hunter said
something happened at school.
- What--
- Well. I got fired.
but only after I quit.
Looks like you were right all along. Andy.
Isn't that neat?
Can we slow this down. please?
No. we can't slow this down
because you're gonna talk me out of it.
I just worry that you're grieving.
and it's...
Of course I'm grieving!
He was my dad too.
He loved me for who I was... [sniffles]
...and he never made me feel like a freak.
- Ali...
- God. I love you so much. Andy. I do.
But I see the way you look at me
every time I show just a shred of emotion.
and it's like you're thinking.
"Oh. is this when she goes off the rails?"
And when you worry about me like that.
well. then I worry about myself.
and then it becomes
some kind of self-fulfilling prophecy...
because how do I get you to believe
that I can be okay
when you're the one
who's making me doubt it?
[sighs] Exactly.
[grunts]
Ah. fuck. [sniffs]
Hey. hey. come on.
let me just give you a ride.
Got an Uber waiting.
Hey. thanks for letting me crash. Hunter.
- I'll see you guys later.
- Where are you going?
Into the great wide open. [chuckles]
What?
I love you guys.
[sighs]
[door closes]
Ali. come on.
Ali. you-you have to tell me
where you're gonna live.
Why? So you can check on me?
[scoffs] Is that such a bad thing?
[sighs] No. it's not.
I love you. Andy.
I just... I need to be on my own now.
I have to prove to myself that I don't
need my big brother to take care of me.
Well. what if I need you?
[sighs]
- Wish me luck.
- Good luck.
I'll call you.
[sighs]
[grunts] Hey!
[groans]
[grunts]
Go. go. Drive.
[dramatic music playing]
Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app